By the way, Theresa,
I'm not sure if it's okay for me to date you,
I thought your husband wouldn't like it,
You don't need to worry about it,
Actually,,,
I got a divorce five years ago,
Did you live alone until now?
Why didn't you meet someone better?
I did, I had a relationship until recently,
I see, What kind of man was he?
A physiatrist,
I was actually forced,,,
to date someone last year,
Goodness, Really? What kind of woman was she?
She got a divorce five years ago,
She was tall and had big eyes,
She had long legs, She was a divorced woman,
She must've been very beautiful,
She sometimes sang as a hobby,
That was very attractive,
He was handsome and well-mannered,
He was gentle and had a lot of money,
Really? He must've been a very good man,
He knew how to love a woman,
But the thing is,,,
he bought me a car a month after we met,
What? A car?
Is it popular for men these days to buy a car for women?
But,,,
wasn't she the one for you?
Well, I feel bad to say this about the woman I broke up with,
but in short,
she was a swindler,
A swindler?
It sounds like his conditions were more than good enough,
Why didn't you marry him?
I'm not sure,
I feel bad to say this about the man I broke up with,
but he was,,,
such a bad swindler,
What? A swindler?
What did he do to you?
I received,,,
a building in Sinsa-dong as alimony when I got a divorce,
I think that attracted him to me,
After getting in trouble with that man,
I became afraid to meet people,
That must have been hard for you,
How could a man rip off,,,
a delicate woman?
I don't know who he is, but if I get to meet him,
I'll make sure that it's his last day on Earth,
Why?
Are you upset about that?
I'm just sorry for my pathetic love,
Things always go wrong,
Go wrong?
I really hate you,
How happy would I be now if you had noticed,,,
my feelings toward you when we were students?
Theresa,
But I'm thankful for finding you,
Being rich isn't important,
I have no meaning in life,
Whenever I was lonely, I would imagine,,,
how happy I would be if I married you,
I'm so silly,
I need to wash my hands,
She thinks,,,
that she would have been happy if she had married me?
- Mid pleasures and palaces - Mid pleasures and palaces
- though we may roam - though we may roam
- Be it ever so humble, - Be it ever so humble,
- there's no place like home - there's no place like home
Honey, you're home,
What are you doing?
Don't you know that the neighbors will complain,,,
if you play piano late at night?
But we can't let today go by without celebrating,
There's something to celebrate,
Celebrate? Is it someone's birthday?
So Won, bring it to your dad,
Yes, Mom,
Please sit down,
(Marriage Graduation Contract)
Marriage graduation?
Do you want a marriage graduation?
Yes,
You worked hard to support our family until now,
I'll earn money by teaching piano,
Enjoy your freedom and do whatever you want to do,
That's right, That's why we found,,,
your first love who used to go to a teachers college,
My first love?
Did you know about this?
Of course,
I'm ready to share you with others,
We have to share what is good,
Sister?
- Madam? - Madam?
Oh, my,
Shin Mo, it's been a long time,
Hong Young Hye, what is happening?
Honey, this isn't right,
She must have a family,
I got a divorce five years ago,
He was just a smooth talker who bought me a car,
I should've married an energetic man like you,
I was stupid,
This isn't right,
Gosh,
It's time to turn my life around,
Hong Young Hye,
See?
I'm still good,
Theresa has good taste in men,
Oh, my goodness,
I'm so moved, my heart is exploding,
Isn't the first time that you drove for me?
It's nice to go for a drive with you,
In the past,
you would just go back to the hospital,
I guess you're starting to care for me now,
I need to repay you for a long time for letting us reunite,
So Won,
What is the most important thing for you?
Well,,,
In the past, I wanted to earn a lot of money,,,
and become famous,
I know what's important now,
Making the woman he loves the happiest,,,
is a man's job,
That's my goal in life,
Oh, my goodness,
You're the best,
It's a pity that I'm the only person to hear this,
That's right, What you said is right,
From my experience, everything else is useless,
Married couples fight,,,
because of their problems and want to separate,
70 percent say that they can't live with each other because of money,
That's not true,
The most important thing is love between a couple,
I have almost everything I need,,,
except one thing,
The only thing I never had was,,,
a loving husband,
I hope that you, Yeon Ju, and Han Gyul live,,,
a happy life for me,,,
and resolve my sorrow,
Yes, don't worry,
And tonight,
one couple is going to come to an end,
Coming soon,
Who are they?
Go have a meal tonight,
Relieve your stress tonight,
Your mother has to go to 7080 tonight,
Butter Story Season 5,
There's no betting limit,
I really want to play a game,
But I don't have any money,
How did she scam you?
It started with a watch,
A watch?
She celebrated a lot of anniversaries,
Birthdays, 100th day anniversary, White Day,
and Christmas,
Anyway, she liked getting presents,
That's not really scamming, It's more of a preference,
I was happy, and it was rewarding when the presents made her happy,
The problem was that she sold those presents for cash,
What?
My gosh, could it have been that she was struggling?
Not at all,
Later on, I found out that she got a 10-story building,,,
in Sinsa-dong for alimony,
My goodness, Then why did she do such a thing?
She told me that she could never meet me on weekends,
At first, I didn't think much of it,
But one day, my insurance company called to verify the request,,,
to mortgage the car I lent her for a loan,
For what?
She blew up all her money at the casino in Jeongseon,,,
and tried to play one more round after pawning the car,
My goodness,
She was a lost cause,
I'm sure she's probably looking for a guy,,,
who can be her banker,
Shin Mo, do you know what today is?
I'm not sure,
Is it your birthday?
My gosh, how did you know that?
It happened to be my birthday,
but I had no one to celebrate it with,
I was about to cry because I was so lonely,
It'd be great if you can celebrate it with me,
Of course, That's not that hard,
I'll celebrate it with you,
Is there anything you want?
Just tell me, I'll buy you a gift,
A bouquet of flowers? A cake? What do you think?
That's all right, Shin Mo,
You're not well-off,
Hey, why would you say that?
I have a lot of money,
Just tell me,
What do you want? Tell me,
I said I don't want anything,
Spending time with you like this is a present to me,
Shin Mo, do you want to get going and sing a few songs?
What time is it?
My gosh, why is this cracked?
What? What is it?
How,,,
My gosh, I have a bad feeling about this,
This is my favorite watch,
What should I do?
- What am I going to do? - Okay,
Let's get out of here,
I will,,,
buy you a new one for your present,
I'll buy you one, Let's go,
Let's go,
This is so pretty,
I love it,
Shin Mo, you're really buying me this for my birthday, right?
Of course, you got it,
It's your birthday, How could I possibly ignore it?
Then I will think about you,,,
every time I look at my watch,
What a beauty,
Goodness, you're acting like a kid,
It's just a watch,
How much is it?
It's 2,480 dollars, sir,
How much?
How could a watch be so expensive?
This watch is a new product for 2018,
As you can see, it's lined with white crystals and is luxurious,
Even if that's the case, it's just a watch,
- Shin Mo, what's wrong with you? - Sorry?
I mean,,,
I was just,,,
Is there another watch you like?
Do you have a pretty electronic watch?
No, I don't want that, This is the prettiest,
Why are you acting like this?
It's just that,,, I don't think,,,
I got it,
I'm all right, Buy me a birthday gift some other time,,,
when you have money,
- Let's just leave, - Should we? Okay,
Wait,
But since I'm really sad to leave it behind,
let me wear it one last time,
- Can I do that? - Of course,
This is so beautiful,
Watch, although it was brief,
I was so happy because he almost bought you for me,
I'm very sad to let you go,
You do monthly installments, right?
Yes,
Thank you, Shin Mo!
How beautiful,
I know all about Han Gyul's birth,
Unless you want to be humiliated in the kindergarten, do as I say,
Who did this?
And do what? What am I supposed to do?
(Restricted Caller ID)
Hello?
Ms, Ha Yeon Ju?
This is she, Who is this?
I told you already,
I'm someone who knows a lot about Han Gyul,
whom you claim to have given birth to,
What nonsense are you talking about?
I don't know what it is that you know, but you're mistaken,
Han Gyul is a daughter I gave birth to!
Is that so? Okay,
Then I can spread the news to the kindergarten that,,,
your husband brought her out of wedlock, right?
I'm hanging up now,
Wait, Hold on,
What is it that you want?
Why are you doing this to me?
Put together 69,000 dollars by tomorrow,
That shouldn't take long for you to put together, correct?
Hello? Hello?
69,000 dollars?
Who is this?
Let's do this again some other time,
What are you staring at?
Was there a ghost?
Here comes a ghost!
No,
Why don't you go inside first?
I'll get some medicine for Han Gyul's cold,
Okay, Hurry back,
If you tell your mom that you saw me,
I'm going to take you away again, Do you understand?
No! No, no!
I don't want to! No!
- No! No,,, - Han Gyul, Han Gyul,
What's wrong? Did you have a nightmare?
It's all right, It's okay,
Don't be scared, Mommy and Daddy are right here for you,
Nothing will happen, all right?
Han Gyul, let me ask you a question,
Did you see anyone,,,
who seemed strange at the kindergarten?
You've never seen someone from your old life,,,
before you came to live with Dad?
If you have,
you must tell me the truth,
Have you seen anyone?
If you tell your mom that you saw me,
I'm going to take you away again,
No, I haven't, I haven't seen anyone,
Is that so?
If you do see anyone from your old life,
you must tell me no matter what, okay?
Come here,
I don't think Jung Su Mi has come back,
Then who is behind this?
What are you doing?
Answer my question truthfully,
Why are you here?
What is it to you?
This is a free country, I can go anywhere I want,
Answer my question!
I'm asking you why you are here!
Are you saying that I can't come to this area?
Why can't I? What's special about this place?
Are you really that clueless?
Yes, I am,
It's me who's flustered running into you here,
Seeing how you're all riled up,,,
Do you live around here?
What?
It's obvious, isn't it?
Aren't you shaking all over,,,
because you think I'm here to meet Han Gyul?
You can't answer my question, So what I asked is true,
Since I'm here, why don't I see if,,,
Han Gyul is doing well?
There are a lot of stories on TV,,,
about parents abusing their children,
You've abandoned her for six years,
I wonder if you're treating her well,
Watch your mouth,
Don't you remember what you did to her?
You left her in some trashy room, How dare you come again!
I'm warning you,
I'll call the police,,,
if you ever come here again,
Gosh, I'm scared, I should get going,
By the way, you should remember one thing,
Nothing is free in life,
Hold on,
Has your sister been released from prison?
I'm asking you,
Is Jung Su Mi out?
I don't know!
I'm not so free to care about,,,
a criminal sister,
Are we done now?
Oh, no, What should we do? Your fever's 37,5°C,
We have to go to the hospital now,
Mrs, Yang,
You've raised a kid yourself, You should know this by now,
It's rather normal for kids who are about seven,
Do you mean she doesn't have fever?
She doesn't,
You don't know about temperatures,
Why don't you measure yourself? I'll see for you,
Go on, I'm having a headache,
Goodness, 34,7°C?
Gosh, There are people who have such low body temperatures,
Isn't she about to die?
What do you mean by dying?
It means you're on an express train to the underworld,
Body temperature tells how healthy you are,
Your body temperature is so low that there could be some tumors,
Or your thyroid is not functioning well that all of your body parts,,,
are not working at all,
Gosh, maybe you're already sick,
Mrs, Yang, you should go for a checkup tomorrow,
Yeon Ju, Yeon Ju,
Yes, Mom?
Can you bring the sewing machine from the basement?
Mrs, Yang, the body temperature is 37 degrees Celsius now,
I'll sew your mouth, Watch your words,
Han Gyul, if you're not feeling sick,
do you want to go to school today?
No, I don't want to go to school, I'm sick,
Catch her, She's pretending to be sick,
I'm really sick!
I don't have any energy!
I can't even walk!
Don't you deceive me, you little girl,
You can even catch a cow with your loud voice and power,
You have to finish the elementary school, at least,
What will you do when you grow up if you skip school so much?
I know you didn't go to school either,
I'll grow up to be just like you,
I'm successful now because I'm good at cooking,
But you can't cook!
Mom, stop fighting with a kid,
Han Gyul, why don't you want to go to school?
You don't like studying?
No, I like studying,
Then why are you acting like this?
Han Gyul, is that friend who came to our house,,,
bullying you?
Or does your teacher bother you?
No, I like my teacher and my friends too,
So what's the matter then?
You liked going to school at first,
Why are you pretending to be sick now?
It's okay, You can tell me, Why don't you want to go?
Mom, don't go there,
That place you drink coffee,,,
You mean that kid's cafe?
Don't you like it there?
Okay, I won't go there if you don't like it,
Okay, don't go there,
Han Gyul, if you don't like your school,,,
or the kid's cafe, I'll build a bigger school,,,
and a bigger,,,
kid's cafe for you,
So don't worry about it, Go to school tomorrow, okay?
Kid's cafe?
(New store opening for SC Food and Beverage)
Mr, Kim!
Let me go, Please,
Is this Sungyoga Hospital?
I'm calling because of that patient who went through surgery yesterday,
It's about Kim Dong Il, a patient who went in for head injuries,
Yes,
He's not awake yet?
Could you give me a call when he wakes up?
Yes, please, Thank you,
Ru Ri,
It's finally here,
The poster for the new store, Ta-da,
We have to make a poster for new menu too,
You will give me the design layout, right?
Manager Jung is so busy these days,
I'll finish it up by this week,
You're going through a tough time, aren't you?
You don't look well,
You're right,
There's something really complicated these days,
So could you and Sung Tan please work,,,
on the internal work?
- Please, - Okay,
Don't worry,
But don't lose your gratitude,
If you get promoted,
Sung Tan and I'll take care of here,
Let's get this done!
Sure, we're a team,
Doesn't it look good?
It's so pretty,
I don't think he's dead because I haven't,,,
heard about anything on the news,
Where did he go to?
(Inaugural Consent)
This is the inaugural consent for you to be the next executive,
I'll announce it to the board as soon as the paperwork is done,
You can sign here,
(Jung Tae Yang)
Congratulations, You're now the next successor,
Thank you,
Get it done right now,
I have a question,
How is Director Park related to Joo Ae Ri?
Why are you asking about it now?
I have to know about them, We're a family now,
How close are they?
As you know,,,
Director Park is a very lonely man,
He barely talks about himself,
He doesn't have family because he is not married,
So that's why he thinks Ae Ri as his real daughter,
If you felt bad about how he tried to set you guys up,
forget about that now,
He probably did that because he cares about you and her,
Does Mr, Park also have some share in this company?
Ae Ri is the only one that has shares,
And that was only done after her mother died,
So you and I are the biggest shareholders for now,
This means Director Park won't have a chance to,,,
be the president even if the position is missing?
You're right,
Why would you want to know about it all of sudden?
Are you trying to take my place already?
Come on,
I now realize how lonely it must be to be a leader,
Be careful at all times,
I will, I feel better now since,,,
you are here with me,
Thank you, Tae Yang,
- Just a second, - Yes,
Mr, Kim is awake now,
I think we should go to Sungyoga Hospital,
How did it go?
Did you find Mr, Kim?
I looked everywhere and barely found him,
I'm at Sungyoga Hospital, so hurry up and come here,
Okay,
I'll see you there,
(Sungyoga Hospital)
How did it go?
Is he alive?
I'm not sure if it's good or bad, but he woke up after the surgery,
That means he could reveal the truth anytime,
Did you do as I said and get rid of the cellphone?
I got rid of anything that could be considered as evidence,
All we have to do is keep Mr, Kim quiet,
What will you do?
Don't you know what I will do?
I risked my entire life for this,
I'm going to send him to a sanatorium,
so he can't say a word until everything is settled,
Don't worry,
Since Mr, Kim woke up,
we will find out who is behind Joo Ae Ri,
What brings you here?
We are Kim Dong Il's family,
We got a call about him,
He just woke up,
That's good,
We want to move him to a bigger hospital,
Please proceed the procedure for us,
He still needs rest,
We have an ambulance waiting, Please do it for us,
Yes, follow me,
Hey, Kim Dong Il,
Did you wake up?
Can you understand me or not?
That means he's regained his consciousness,
Kim Dong Il,
I think we have met before,
Do you remember me?
Room 602 is over there,
(Ward 62, Room 6201-6212)
Answer me,
Do you remember me?
Answer me, Do you remember me?
Can you understand me or not?
I think this is his room,
Mr, Kim, did you wake up?
Do you know where you are?
That's right, You came here after you fell,
You remember that, don't you?
Answer my questions,
Why did you remove the chairman's respirator?
No, who pushed you last night?
Who did this to you?
We don't have time, Answer me,
Tell me who ordered you to do all those things!
Is it Director Park?
Did he make you do it?
Answer me,
Tell me who is behind you?
It's useless to do that right now,
Let's meet the doctor first to ask about his current condition,
If you don't tell the truth now,
I'll hand you over to the police,
We need to find out who is behind Joo Ae Ri and Mr, Kim,
Honey, I just had a phone call with Choi Sun Young, who is in Japan,
What did she say?
Did she instigate Mr, Kim?
I don't think so,
She told me everything because she was upset with Mr, Kim,
A few months ago,
she asked him to work with her in Japan,
He refused her on the spot,
He was her right-hand man, Why did he do that?
According to Choi Sun Young, he was very excited,
She said that he boasted finding,,,
someone who was powerful enough to ruin SC,
What do you mean by,,,
ruining SC?
It probably means that Joo Ae Ri didn't do this,,,
to marry Tae Yang,
but she did this for a bigger goal,
A bigger goal?
What is that?
Everything will become clear if Mr, Kim wakes up,
The surgery went well,
But he has defects in his memory due to that accident,
Defects in his memory?
Does that mean that he doesn't remember anything?
Brain function defects are like a black box,
His condition looks stable on his CT scan,
but we can't guarantee when his memory will come back,
He has to go through rehabilitation even if he moves hospitals,
Here,
Okay,
I'm done with the procedure, I'll be there,
Yes?
Please hurry, Jung Tae Yang sensed something,
I already know,
The ambulance is here, Take him with you,
What's the patient's name?
Kim Dong Il,
He was hospitalized last night,
His family came and finished the procedure to move hospitals,
What? That can't be,
Are you sure that it was Kim Dong Il?
I'm sure, He received urgent surgery for head damage,
I can't believe this,
What should we do?
They must still be in the hospital,
We don't have time, Hurry,
Please be careful with him,
Don't worry, Thank you,
I'm sorry,
Where did the patient go?
Didn't you see him?
His guardian just took him home,
His guardian? What did they look like?
She was a woman in her mid-40s,
She had a burn scar on her face,
I'm sorry,
I saw her in the hallway just a few moments ago,
I'm sorry, Please make a room, I'm sorry,
There's no time, Let's take the stairs,
Wait,
What do we do now?
We missed them right in front of us,
You said you saw her face, right?
Yes,
But I've never seen her before,
She has a vivid burn scar on her face,
A burn scar?
Ms, Choi,
- Ms, Choi! - You scared me,
Yes,
You're always worried about getting fat,
You're getting fat,,,
because you're always sitting down,
Be honest with me, What size do you wear?
Is it 77? Or 88?
Didn't you know?
This is all muscles,
This is a muscle?
Flopping and squashy,
It's all celluliter,
Other people would think you smoke,
It's not celluliter but cellulite,
Gosh, You're driving me crazy,
You must be always hungry because you know a lot,
and you're always so curious,
Hurry up and make a few snacks for soju,
Goodness, Are you going to drink again?
No, It's not me,
There's a man who's going to drink soju today,
Hurry up and do it,
Yes, ma'am,
How should I make Shin Mo mature?
What's going to happen,,,
tonight?
Four people's meeting,
I wonder how it will go,
(Concert 7080)
Don't hold back anymore
Don't hide your heart
Don't pretend you don't know
It only burdens you
You have to endure
In life
It's okay to be greedy
Everyone does that
This must be it,
Yes,
Let's go,
You don't need to treat me like a princess,
Really? If you don't want to be treated like a princess,
I'll treat you like a queen, After you, Your Highness,
Actually,,,
I've got free tickets, Are you okay with that?
Of course, You said it's the playground for middle-aged people,
There may be someone who never visited here,
but no one has visited here only once, I'm looking forward to it,
Sing as much as you want today,
I'll be your audience,
Sure, But don't fall in love,
- Let's go, - Yes,
What's wrong?
That voice sounds familiar,
Many old singers come to places like this,
That must be it,
- Let's go, - Sure,
You're still alive,
Your voice still sounds like a boy,
You've gone too far, Let's say a young man,
Okay, Shin Mo,
Then young Shin Mo is the best,
I feel great today,
You know there are people,,,
who make you feel depressed,
and people who cheer you up,
I feel great when I meet you, Theresa,
and I feel like I'm flying in the air,
What was your wife like?
Did she cheer you up or depress you?
Don't even talk about her, She ruins my appetite,
Goodness, You're known for having a good wife,
Wasn't she a quiet good wife?
A woman like her is scarier when she turns her back,
I wasn't going to say this,
but she's gotten into something that we recently graduated from marriage,
Goodness, Shin Mo,
Don't worry, It's good to be graduated from marriage,
I'm free to meet you too,
It's no problem,
Really? Then,,,
do you want to go to Jeju Island to see the ocean?
Jeju Island?
It's too far to go there for one day,
Of course,
We should go for at least three days,
Book the flight for me,
For three days?
You want to sleep there for two nights?
We can order food here,
You can order something,
I have a favor to ask you,
What is it?
I'm going on a business trip to Ulaanbaatar next month,
I need company,
I'm going to three days, Will you come with me?
How could I go there?
My local business partner,,,
wants a party with spouses, That's why I'm asking,
How can I go when it's for spouses?
Actually that was an excuse,
Did you know that Gobi Desert at night is beautiful?
I don't want to see the Milky Way alone,
Come with me,
Mom, don't go there,
That place you drink coffee,,,
You mean that kid's cafe?
Don't you like it there?
What brings you all the way here?
Se Ra's mother told me to give this to you,,,
because Han Gyul missed kindergarten today,
You know this cookie is handmade,,,
with French organic flour,
Hello,
I'm here because I want to see Han Gyul,
Sure, Welcome,
She's in her room, You can go,
What if I get sick too?
Let's go,
Hurry up, We have to go,
Have some tea since you came all the way here,
Is Han Gyul's dad coming home soon?
No,
Hello,
I have a question,
Is there someone named Jung Su Mi working here?
Are you sure you didn't confuse the name?
It's not Jung Su Mi, but Jung Su Ji,
Jung Su Ji?
Yes, She works here,
Where is she now?
The boss told her to,,,
visit her daughter's friend from kindergarten,
What's the matter?
Are you okay?
I feel better now,
The school seems empty without you,
Hold on,
This is a gift for you,
Can you open up for me?
- Here, - Hey, Kim Do Yoon,
She's suffering from sore throat,
How can you give her this?
Give me that,
Kim Se Ra! I brought it for her,
Drink up some milk,
What?
Your stomach will get upset if you eat it too fast,
Drink it,
I have more than 100 sausages at home,
If you want more of it, you can tell me,
100?
They're cute,
Your name is Su Ji, right?
Do you always bring Se Ra around, Su Ji?
Because her mother is busy,
I bring her to school, and I play with her sometimes,
Is that so?
I have to ask you to look after Han Gyul, when I'm busy,
Sure, I'm good with kids,
Excuse me,
Han Gyul is generous just like me,
She's not stingy at all,
I'll teach her about real estate business,,,
once she's done with school,
She's just like me,
including her generosity,
Mom, stop it,
She's your granddaughter, It's natural she's like you,
Have fun here,
Honey,
I have a question,
What's Han Gyul doing now?
She's playing with her friends at home,
Are just the kids there?
The part-timer from the kid's cafe brought them here,
Really?
Okay,
She's insane,
I am a sinner,
(Speaking Chinese: Advanced Business Level)
I have to find my son,
His name is Ha Eun Jo,
I thought Dr, Lee is looking for Eun Jo,
Goodness, Well I'll be,
I was just talking about you,
You're home early,
How was work?
Yes, How was your day?
Where is Yeon Ju?
She's having a tea with a guest in the kitchen,
You're home early,
Yes, I heard there's a guest?
A guest?
You mean the part-timer?
She's in Han Gyul's room,
Honey,
What's wrong with him?
Honey, what did you do at home the whole day?
You let the baby catch cold!
Why don't you stay at home looking after the baby?
You think it's easy to raise two kids?
Guys, stop fighting,
Why can't you live like my mom and dad?
How do your mom and dad live?
They love each other like this,
Se Ra, let's go home now,
You remember what I told you, right?
Stop acting so arrogant,
- Let's go now, - Okay,
Dad,
It's okay,
- Can I speak to you? - I'm busy,
Follow me,
What's wrong with you?
I warned you,
I told you I won't leave you be if you continue to show up around here,
Didn't you see Han Gyul's face?
- She was scared, - Lower your voice,
What if your wife hears you?
You're out of control,
Why are you doing this?
How dare you come here!
I need 69,000 dollars,
Give me the money, and I will never come again,
You're out of your mind,
Please give me the marinated crabs for So Won,
Yes,
Ma'am,
We have to go home, Where is Su Ji?
Isn't she in Han Gyul's room?
No, she and Han Gyul's dad went out together,
What did you say?
I knew you were shameless,
But why should I give you the money?
Do you think that makes sense?
I need the money,
I'll swear, If you give me the money,,,
I'll disappear from your life,
This conversation is over,
I'll call the police right now, so that's that,
Your wife,,,
will be okay if she finds out whose daughter Han Gyul is?
I think she'll suffer,
Is that okay with you?
Gosh,
So give me the money,
Honey,
What are you doing here?
Well,,,
Ma'am, I'm sorry,
He was scolding me because I made some mistakes,
I'll be careful next time,
What did she do?
I don't think she's nice,
Don't let her in ever again,
Hold on, You have to tell me what she did,
She looked nice,
I was just getting close to her to hear about school too,
Don't get close to her!
That girl!
Yeon Ju, just listen to me, and do as I say,
Don't let her in, I mean,,,
Don't let her get near Han Gyul,
Honey,
I'm doing this for you,
So please do as I said,
What's taking so long?
Let's go on a three-day trip to Jeju Island,
Is she saying,,,
that she wants,,,
go to that island and spend two days,,,
walking the beach, just the two of us?
Hold on, Which hotel should I book?
An inn? No,
I have to book a five-star hotel for her,
That's right,
So that watch is,,,
2,480 dollars,
I'll put it on installment for 12 months,
So,,, that is,,,
A month,,,
I don't want to see the beautiful Gobi Desert alone,
It's really pretty, though,
How can I go there with him,,,
even if it's a business trip?
You've stolen my heart
When we just came across
Why is he singing that song?
It reminds me of someone,
You've stolen my heart
I'm your light
Why am I so shy
I want to date her, but I don't feel confident
My heart only pounds
My oppressed heart
I'll have it blown off in the wind
Isn't he hot? He's my brother's friend,
Shin Mo, It's me,
Yes, Hi,
This is my friend, Hong Young Hye,
She's the beauty of education major, Isn't she beautiful?
Let's have bread together,
Gosh,
That song's ruining my appetite,
Accidentally met
That woman,
This is absurd,
Theresa?
What are you doing here?
You must've changed your stage,
You used to play in Suji, Is it Hongdae now?
I can't stand anything boring,
I need to change my playground from time to time,
Is it a playground or a hunting ground?
You must've found a new sugar daddy,
The model for the watch is always the same,
You aren't probably here alone,
Let's be polite and ignore one another,
Are you out of your mind?
How dare you come to here at this hour?
You're not here with your boss, are you?
Look who's talking,
What are you doing here?
You aren't probably here alone,
It's different for men and women,
What? Gosh,
Look at this,
You even drink with him now?
How dare you?
Get up now,
Go home before you get drunk,
Ridiculous,
Your words don't match your action,
You said you won't care,,,
whether I have some tea with him or get a ride from him,
Are you saying you can't leave?
Are you saying you're going to drink until you pass out?
Keep your voice down,
The woman I saw you with last time in the parking lot is back,
Fine,
Hong Young Hye, If you're going to do this,
I'm going to film a romance comedy movie,,,
for the last time in my life,
It's going to be with a romantic girl,,,
who's been waiting for me for 25 years,
What are you looking at?
Your voice is hot, so I'm going to request a song,
Not at all,
I often hear that I have,,,
a low sweet tone,
Give it to me, I'll take a look,
- Here, - Okay,
Is something wrong?
You don't look good,
Let's leave,
Why?
I met the swindler woman I told you about here,
She must've met another sugar daddy,
She's already wearing a new watch,
Where,,,
Where is she?
You don't need to feel uncomfortable,
- Let's go, - Sure,
I was actually feeling uncomfortable,
- I'm sorry, - Why?
I told you that swindler's met a new sugar daddy,
That is,,,
Well,,,
I think it's Lee Shin Mo,
Pardon?
(Man Who Sets the Table)
I got a call from the detective agency,
They've found a possible guy,
I don't know if she is my sister or mother,
I remember a young woman,
We'll look for her,
69,000 dollars?
I need that money, Hurry up,
What is it for?
Say it,
Let them enjoy it,
The father and son will collapse like a tsunami,
You sold your child for parole,
How dare you blackmail us for money?
Are you even a human?
If she's playing with someone's life, it's probably very serious,
I have to find out what it is,